Where are you off to
Out !
You didn't even have your lunch
Hey
How are you ?
Fine, I guess
What is going on with you
Nothing, wait, I hate them
Who ?
My parents, they don't give us any freedom
Well, do you want to do something fun ?
Is that
Cillian that app is dangerous
Yup yup but, it is the dare for you app
I always wanted to try it
So we press this button and it gives us a challenge
Exactly
And whatever challenge it gives we have to do it for points ?
You are correct
So easy
Look, even famous people are doing it
Hi Greta Thornton here, I am trying out Dare for you app
Now it is raining badly
Well, if they can do it so can we
The statue ?
Record
No, no, Hannah !
What are you doing ?
Cillian, run !
Don't pick it up
I wasn't going to
Hannah, are you going to do this
Oh I will do it !
Hannah, I am going to try this one
Seriously, you can't Cillian it is too dangerous
Get lost !
Is she in town ?
I think so
What about this one ?
Jesus Christ
Are you sure it is safe
We will find out
Cillian, she cannot swim